Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
I'm so thankful that there are so many of you who want to pray with us this late at night.
Welcome and good evening, family. Good early morning to all of you.
I'm going to go over some of the things the Lord showed us in this last video.
I was praying over some of the correction the Lord gave me; He corrected me on how I communicate because I don't want to bring fear to you.
He said, 'Brandon, don't bring fear to their hearts. Warn them and walk away from it.'You don't have to scare the elderly or the young; just present what I show you and walk away.
How they handle it is between Me and them. It is about how you communicate, and I'm learning.
When it comes to the plague and the things the Lord has shown me, I truly believe with all my heart that when you are in the cleft of the rock, no weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
I always want to drive that home: God always provides a way of escape for the believer.
He showed Joseph the seven years of plenty and the seven years of famine.
He showed Noah to build the ark. He's always had a way. He's the waymaker.
He will always provide the way. He doesn't leave His kids high and dry and say, 'Well, you know what?
You're on your own, pal.'He's always there saying, 'I love you and I've got a plan for your life.'That's why I try to tell you, you can't derail your life if you're seeking Jesus.
If your heart is seeking Him, the Bible says, 'Those that seek Me will find Me.'What the devil meant for bad, God will turn around for good in your life. If you're actively pursuing Him, you will find Him.
If you're being lazy and sitting on your 'blessed assurance'and not pursuing the Lord or having a relationship with Him, His hands are tied on some things, but He'll keep that nudging at your heart.
My dad was telling me tonight about growing potatoes in sacks and having creative ideas for it.
He said he put dirt in the sack, and one sack produces 100 pounds in a gunny sack.
He said, 'Son, I'm going to be able to produce 100 pounds per sack of potatoes, and with three sacks, that'll be 300 pounds of potatoes when it's all said and done.'Dad's always thinking and prepping.
It's interesting because everybody is listening to the Lord for themselves and what He's telling them to do.
Is there fear in that? No. My dad's not afraid; people aren't afraid.
When you're listening to the voice of the Lord, He will lead and guide you on what you're supposed to be doing.
Whenever He spoke to the people about turning water into wine, Mary said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.'They followed His instruction.
He could instruct you to do something totally different than what He's telling my dad.
The Lord didn't tell me to use a gunny sack full of potatoes, but He's talking to my dad about it.
I thought that was interesting. You have to follow the voice of God for what He's telling you to do.
When I'm bringing up things about the end times, whether you live in New York, Oklahoma, or California, your instruction is going to be different than mine because you live in a different area or climate. You just have to follow the voice.
As the major scripture for last night says, 'For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.'I believe with all my heart that you don't need a prophetic voice holding your hand.
His sheep will hear His voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow. You have to be His and abide in Him.
'If ye abide in Me and My words remain in you, you will ask what you will and it shall be done.'There are qualifications for a relationship with God: abiding in His Word and having fellowship with Him daily.
It takes practice and time. Practice His presence. Spend time with the Father every day in prayer and reading His Word.
Get into the scripture and make it real to you. When it becomes rhema to you, that's whenever it will work for you.
Until then, you're just parroting. You have a relationship because of intimacy with Him, not just because your pastor tells you to.
Everything is about intimacy with Him. If your pastor or spiritual leader dies tomorrow, do you have an intimate relationship or will it completely derail you?
You must find Jesus for yourself. Your pastor can't get you there; your relative can't get you there.
You are the only one who will stand before the Father alone. I will stand before my Creator alone, and you must find Him alone.
There's so much truth to the song 'I Come to the Garden Alone.'When I tell you what the Lord is saying, it's not to scare you.
We love you, but if you're scared, I believe it's because He's trying to shake you to wake you up.
On January 1, the Lord said 2026 will be the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5. I am going to shake the church and its leadership.
There will be people here at the beginning of the year who won't be here very long; they're about to go home.
You will see great leaders in great positions not be here anymore, and their ministries will soon close down.
The Lord said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He said there's corruption in big ministries that I'm going to deal with this year.
Some will be standing behind pulpits and fall over dead right there, like Ananias and Sapphira.
I saw people preaching, and they went home right there. The Lord said there will be mega-ministries that will no longer be here this year.
There will be transitions in ministries, and they'll say, 'What about my legacy?
Who's going to take over after I'm gone?'I see these generals going home and new Davids rising up.
I see a passing of the baton coming on an even greater scale. I waited as they asked me to stay longer.
But the door is coming and a passing of the baton. I see a certain general asking to stay longer.
Could he stay longer? Because he told them they're coming home.
And he said, "No, this time you'll see a passing of the baton.
A door will open, they will walk through, and there will be a passing of the baton.
It was about their legacy. The Lord said it was about legacy. They asked him, 'What will happen to my legacy?
I must pray and cultivate to make sure of my legacy.'And now you'll see. They've been on borrowed time.
This is what they said because a new generation is coming and I see a passing of the baton.
They would say, 'What about the legacy of what I leave with this ministry?'I hear this in the spirit realm. They'll start to go home.
The Lord wouldn't let me talk about it because I saw the individual who it was and the Lord said, 'Don't you dare touch that.'And so the Lord told me to bring that up again.
There will be a lot of transition coming in the days ahead. Mega ministers will soon go home.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, this is what a transition will be for 1 Corinthians 5:5.
You will see a shaking that will awaken to bring the bride by my side.'I touched that lightly, but I want you to see this right here.
This was January 23rd, 2026. I told you 1 Corinthians 5:5 was the word of the Lord for 2026.
A lot of people didn't want to hear that. But I said you're going to see great leaders in California fall.
There will be great church shaking in California in the days ahead.
A major leader of a major church in California will be shaken and things will be exposed.
I said it will go all over the media, but I've not touched it. The Lord said, 'I'm shaking churches, Brandon.
I'm exposing corruption.'He said, 'A major TV network won't be there very much longer.
They'll go down, too.'I've warned about this many times. There's corruption in TV networks, churches, and major ministries.
And he said, 'Brandon, I'm cleaning house.'There will be great shaking in the church in the days ahead.
Ministers that used to have huge platforms and audiences will no longer be there, just that fast.
You'll see new faces rise up out of seemingly nowhere that I will put my hand on, and I will use them and bring my glory through them—not for us to hold it, but to deflect.
We're just vessels: the janitors, the cooks, the children's church workers, the parking lot attendants, people who have been broken and been on the potter's wheel for such a time as this.
He will use whoever says, 'Yes, here am I, Lord,'without an ego or a resume. He's done with egos and resumes.
He's looking for the person who says, 'I cleaned vomit and poo for years and just wanted to yield to the Father.
I was the guy pulling weeds or cleaning up dirty diapers in the parking lot to the glory of God.'That's what he is looking for right now.
Not someone who says, 'I have a doctorate in theology and can out-school everyone; I have world knowledge of the Bible,'but has no character.
He's looking for people with character who will not bend. You're going to see an exposing in this.
This is 1 Corinthians 5:5 coming to full fruit. We're seeing things in the church.
The Lord said, 'You'll see big churches, TV stations, and mega ministers on the platform who will be no more.'They'll have to resign because of buried sin.
The Lord said, 'I am cleansing my house. 2026 will be a year of cleansing.'Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Because of this, I will also clean the world and you'll start to see the manifestations of it in 2026—politicians and more.
This has been on my heart today. The Lord was talking to me about martyrs and said there will be many in the days ahead.
I was bothered by this. I saw individuals I knew who are no longer here.
The Lord warned me, 'Brandon, every one of my disciples except one was martyred.'He was warning about the shaking that was coming.
There are things the church doesn't want to touch because they're uncomfortable.
They don't want to hear when the Lord says, 'I'm out of time,'or address a church that is complacent and lukewarm.
The Lord said he'd rather you be hot or cold; if you're lukewarm, he'll spew you out of his mouth.
The modern church on social media doesn't want to hear that—skinny jeans, fog machines, and 30-minute sermonette with offerings to build their own kingdoms.
The Lord said, 'I'm done with the way they handle money. I'm going to judge how they have manipulated things.'The Lord said, 'Never ask my people for anything publicly.
Never solicit my people. If they want to give, that's between me and them.'Diana and I have set out to do that.
People say, 'Brandon, I want to bless your family or help buy Bibles.'That's because God put it on their hearts.
I put links in the description for those who feel led because they asked.
But I've never come on here and pleaded for help to build a TV station.
The Lord has put big things in my heart, but I've never asked. He has given us huge things to do.
The Lord said, 'I'm done with the way church has been; it's a stench to the world's nose.'He wants people to receive the word without a bad taste in their mouths.
People are upset about the prosperity message, though I believe with all my heart that God wants us blessed.
Give, and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together.
People get mad about it and throw rocks, and the world won't even have anything to do with the church.
Then we have the great falling away that I believe with all my heart.
When we've prophesied and said all the things the Lord has told us to say on this channel, it was to warn you about what everybody else is talking about right now: Amanda and Joseph and all.
We've been saying it for three or four years now, and I'm thankful someone else is saying it other than us. You all need to know what's coming.
Thank God for Paul Begley and some of these others who are coming up saying, 'Listen: alarm, alarm, alarm.'The senators are saying it, but we don't need the senators to say it; the Lord already told us it was coming before the senators wanted to have a meeting.
You heard it from the Holy Spirit first. It's not being flaky; it's being in the news now.
We're not trying to pat ourselves on the back. The Lord told us to warn you as a watchman on the wall.
There's a great shaking coming with a plague and financial shaking more than what you've ever known.
I've said that for years because you are hard-headed, and He has to tell you repeatedly because you don't have ears to hear.
It's like I was telling a pastor today on the phone as we talked.
The Lord said, 'Remember when I told you the angel came to me?'An angel came with the most beautiful sapphire blue eyes—pools of blue eyes—and he said, 'Hush now.'He put his hand on my lips.
This was a real man of a savior. He went, 'Hush now. They're not dead to self. They can't hear.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.'And they don't have ears to hear; therefore, even if they heard it from you, they're not hearing it from the Holy Spirit.
Because they're not hearing it from the Lord, they'll lose it all or it will destroy them.
You're not accountable to make them hear it; you're accountable just to repeat what the Holy Spirit has told you to say.
Remember, 'Be still, son.'That's what the Lord kept saying to me.
And then the angel would say, 'Hush now.'Now, the Lord kept telling me in my heart—the angel didn't call me son.
I need to make that clear because I have 'Sister Clipboard'going, 'That angel called you son?'No, the Lord said, 'Be still, son.
Hush now, son.'And the angel would say, 'Hush. Be still.'I have to make that clear because I know you have the trolls.
In all that I say, the Lord shows me, in my opinion, concerning when I said, 'Watch the holly berry bush.'The berries will turn red and everybody that was standing on a rug—the stock market.
I said the snow will fall when there were no leaves on the trees, and the angel said, 'Watch the winter months.'You ask, 'When?'I will not tell you the year because I am not a financial advisor, but I saw it happen in the winter months.
The angel came to me and said, 'In the winter months.'Brandon, please tell me.
No, find Him yourself. It's not my job to spoon-feed you. I point you in the direction to pray and find Him for yourself.
Then I let go of the rope and say, 'Listen, it's not my job anymore.'But I say: pray.
The angel said, 'Watch the holly berry bush.'What year, Brandon? What month? It's not my problem. Is that rude?
No, it's love because you always have people that will ride the wind of someone else's revelation and could miss it.
You could be off. That is dangerous. You must find Him for yourself. Play the next clip and then let's pray tonight.
This is when I first heard it—it was during the Christmas from the White House. There's a shaking in the churches.
You will see a great breaking in the churches and they will come to their knees, for there is heresy and a shaking.
It's a stench before Him each day. True repentance is to turn away.
You're going to see that even in the highest places in the land and on TV. If you're a friend of the world, you're not a friend of Me.
He said, 'Tell them: if you're a friend of the world, you're not a friend of Me.
You've cleaved to the world and you've not clung to Me.'Depart from Me, I never knew you.
For there are many walking in heresy. Just because you tried to walk with the president or these people, you see this heresy.
It's messy. He says it's messy unto Him. It's gross, it's stinky. Too much pride.
'I resist the proud.'He said, 'Humble yourself unto Me.'In due time, I would exalt you, but there has not been time for many of them.
They've exalted themselves. He is angry about this. I hear His voice.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Reverence, holiness, and purity back in My church.
You don't even know the difference between the church and the world today, He said. Yet you say you're of Me and you're My church.
This is in the purest of circles that you think you see, for there's great heresy and shaking on them.
Even in the ones that try to pretend that they're the purest, their hearts are far from Me.
You don't have to yank on a horse's mouth hard to pull it off when it's in order.
You don't have to yank on the bridle of a horse's mouth to make it have great correction if the horse is in line with you.
It just takes a little bit to guide it. But when a horse is rebellious and bucking around, it takes much strength.
When you're on track with Me, it doesn't take much correction.
You barely have to pull it. It doesn't take much to guide a broken horse.
But when you are not broken or pliable, it takes much to break. Oh, He longs for you to have a relationship with Him.
He says, 'You've grieved the heart of the Father.'He's provided so much for you, but you've grieved His heart.
Oh, Father, we repent. Oh, forgive them. Father, forgive me, Lord.
We come closer to you. You're such a good God. We repent, Lord.
He said, "You say you want the revival, you say you want the glory, but you have so much of the world in you.
Separate yourself unto me, and you will see the great glory."There's a remnant of you that have done just this.
You've separated yourself unto me, and you're ready for the glory, but you are few.
He said it reminds him of what it was when Moses came down off the mountain and the children of Israel were acting the way they did.
They built a calf and did things in rebellion unto me. But I will use the remnant, and there are great days to come.
He's sending his angel armies, and there'll be a great revival in the churches that will allow him to flow, but also a great shaking.
He's talking about Asia; I see South Korea again. Great persecution.
He's ready to turn the page, a new chapter. He's out of time. That's why we try to warn you tonight.
The Lord's out of time. He's not out of mercy, but he's out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen, and he's coming sooner than you think. There are many of you that are not ready.
If Jesus Christ was coming back this week or this year, are you ready for the coming of the Lord?
You must search your heart and know him. You must find him for yourself, for a shaking to awaken is coming.
With all this being said by aliens and all the things going on right now, people are freaking out and it's even hitting the world news.
What is the pastor saying? A great falling away is about to take place.
I want to tell you that there are many of you who feel you're right and you're not; it's time to come home tonight.
Or you may be here saying, "Brandon, I feel that shaking inside of me and I feel the fear of God tonight. I want to know him.
I want to repent, turn from my wicked ways, and come home."I want to run to Jesus tonight and be on the right side of this.
I want to be used for the end-time glory—to be that vessel that is on fire, saying, "God, here am I. Use me. Put the coal on my lips.
Do whatever you've got to do."I want to be at the spout where the glory comes out and feel the presence of God on my life and take it to the nations.
There was a man—this is a true story—who was in a revival with a minister.
He went to the barber to get his haircut. Another man walks in and says, "There's something wrong with you.
What's going on?"He thought he had crumbs on his face, but the man said, "No, you have sparkles on your face. You're glowing.
What is going on with the sparkles on your face?"Well, he had just come from the meeting that morning where the glory of the Lord was imparted with the laying on of hands.
He didn't realize that he took it with him, and when the sinner came in off the street, he saw the glory sparkling on him.
The man was born again and baptized in the Holy Ghost right there in the barbershop.
What a way to be a witness in these last days! You don't have to pass out tracts. You can be passing out the glory on your face.
When people see that you arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on you, they're going to say there's something different about you.
When you go to the restaurant and the waiter is waiting on you, they'll say, "I just feel peace around you."While they feel tormented by the news about aliens and all this, be a carrier of the anointing.
Watch who you fellowship with because people can drain you; they are spiritual vampires and spiritual ticks that will suck the life right out of you.
You've got to make sure iron sharpens iron. Surround yourself with people who will not drain you.
There are people who are time wasters; they say a lot, but their personal life is totally different than what they say.
They are parroting what they hear behind the pulpit but live like a hellion off the stage.
Watch who you hang around because there are people sent to destroy, sent by the enemy, like a Jezebel spirit coming to derail your ministry.
That's why I say: who's cutting your hair? Don't hang around Delilah. She wanted to know his strength to find his weakness.
You've got to get around the right people who speak into your life and help polish you.
If you pray, God will send the right people. Does that make sense?
You need to get ready because there's a storm coming. Look at the valley of dry bones.
Can these bones live? I speak to the dry bones of those watching me right now—all 5,150 of you.
I speak to the dry bones in the name of Jesus and tell them to rise up and walk.
It's time to get on fire for Jesus and not have one foot in the world and one in the church.
The Lord said, "I can't tell the difference between people in the world and the church anymore."Are you the chosen few, the spiritual marines with a backbone like a crowbar?
Tonight is your night to be all in and stop playing church. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. He's cleaning up his bride.
2026 will be a year of great shakings, an acceleration from the first of April all the way to Rosh Hashanah on 9/11.
The very shoes you put on to go to work today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight. It's time to turn before you burn.
Repent and turn away from your wicked ways and say, "Jesus, I need you."God is a holy God and God loves every single one of you.
You choose—God didn't throw you in hell. You chose hell by not accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
He made it so that a five-year-old could do it, believe it, and receive it. He didn't make it hard.
He didn't say, "Well, you know, you have to be a certain age—hold on, you're not at the age yet"—but he made it so that if you just say it with all your heart and believe it, you're saved.
He wasn't up there being mean. You choose hell; so, tonight, choose heaven.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, as all these ministers have said.
It is such a true statement. So, as I say this prayer, I want you to say it with me.
If you believe tonight's your night and you want to come to Jesus in the wee hours of the morning, let's go into the rest of this weekend knowing that You are my blessed assurance.
Jesus is mine! Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine! Oh, hallelujah!
What a time we have. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
So, I'm going to say this simple little prayer, and if this is speaking to you, I want you to say it with me.
Say it with your whole heart. Tonight is your night; you're coming home.
Or you might have been that person who's backsliding. Tonight's your night.
I want you to say it with your heart and come home tonight. Stop playing church.
Stop playing games. Be real and all-in. Say, "Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day. Jesus, I repent of my sin.
I turn from my wicked ways. I turn my back on my sin. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on any kind of decisions or any covenants that I've given to the devil, saying, 'Hey, I'll follow you.'I denounce them.
I serve You, Jesus, with all my heart. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life because now I believe You are the Son of God and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I make You my Lord and personal Savior. Thank You, Lord, that as of tonight, if I was to die, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Thank You, Jesus. I dedicate my life to You. Thank You, Lord. I'm saved.
Amen."I believe if you just said that simple little prayer—it didn't take much, did it?
Just something you mean from your heart—I believe you just got born again. Now, what do you do? You go to a Bible-believing church.
Go to a church that believes in the Word of God and will teach you how to live by faith.
Talk about walking on water, a raising-the-dead kind of church.
You don't want to go to a dead church; you want to go to a live church, someone that will teach you how to live by faith.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost. Speak with other tongues. Get water baptized.
And if they have the doors open and they have classes, learn.
Go to those classes. Get plugged in. Find some people and hang out with them.
You may not be able to hang out with the people you used to hang out with right now.
You could tell them, "Come with me to church."If they say, "I don't want that,"well, that's all right.
I'm going to go on. You may have to find some new friends. Don't go back like a dog eating his vomit.
Don't go back hanging out with those people because they'll be spiritual vampires sucking you dry. Find some new friends. It's all right.
God's got better ones, and you can keep talking to them: "Hey, come to church with me."They'll eventually see that you changed and there's something different going on in you because the Holy Spirit will change you and you'll go from glory to glory.
Now, how do you do that? Read your Bible every day. Pray. And if you don't have a Bible, we will send you one for free.
Our email address is in the description down below, and Diana will send it to you. We're excited you're here tonight.
Just put in the subject line, "I need a Bible."Then, in the body of the email, just put your name and your address, and we will get one to you.
And all 46 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight—that is wonderful.
I am so thankful for every single one of you. If you could do us a favor: like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and pray with us. We'll be with you; we'll pray with you.
We're believing God for you, for healing for your bodies, for everything. We're excited you're here.
We're believing for a million-man and woman prayer army, and I believe you just became part of that.
Exciting times are ahead. If you need a Bible, we'll send you one.
We just want to love on you and tell you welcome to the family. Welcome to the Kingdom of God. Welcome to not being fake.
I know there's a lot of you just burnt out from people being fake Christians.
I know I am saved by grace and I know I can mess up, but I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see. I know Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life.
Welcome, welcome, welcome. All right, well, that was the first part of this.
Now, we'll pray for a little bit. I know it's late, but we can pray for the nations.
We'll pray for things and see if the Lord wants to show us anything.
Again, everything we see on here is all to give glory to Him. It isn't about us.
Never one time do we ever say, "Well, Brandon is such and such."Seriously, if it wasn't for Jesus, I couldn't do any of this.
Even the way we talk, I'm telling you, I feel it when the anointing is out here and I go, "Man, I sound like a babbling idiot."But the moment Jesus touches your natural and makes it super on your natural, you feel like Superman.
Why? Because Jesus is that cool. When He touches your flesh, He makes you into like Superman. It's amazing.
Really, because Brandon by himself—I told Diana, I said before when I talked to a couple hundred people, I felt like I was going to have to go to the bathroom.
But now it doesn't bother me because the Lord keeps growing me from glory to glory.
She laughs about it because she knows my first videos were rough.
I told her, "Now I'm comfortable; I'm okay now."I feel okay to talk to the people because it's Him.
He does it. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Praise the Lord. So, all right, let's take communion together and we'll pray for a little bit.
We'll pray for people. We'll pray for what God's about to do in this nation. Father, we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power.
Lord, we're so grateful for all that You've done and all that You continue to do.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness on us; that by Your stripes, we're healed.
And we walk by faith and not by sight. We're fully persuaded that what God has promised, He's able also to perform.
We're not moved by what we see. We're not moved by what we feel. We're moved by what the Word of God says.
And I thank You, Lord, for the healing power that flows on the inside of us.
We are not moved by our circumstances or our flesh. When our flesh tries to rise up, we say, "Shut up, flesh! We're not listening to you.
We're listening to what the Word says."And He said in His Word, "By His stripes, I am healed."And I'm not going to be moved by that pain or whatever is going on.
I told you, "Shut up, flesh!"So, Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we believe we receive in the middle of the night what You have for us—everything You have for us.
And according to Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law. We're redeemed from the curse. We're not under the curse.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory over sickness, disease, poverty, lack, and barely getting by.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory in the mighty name of Jesus. We take this right now in Jesus'name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power. Great is his faithfulness to you because of his blood.
We don't have to sacrifice bulls, goats, or cattle; Jesus was the ultimate sacrifice.
And we receive it by faith that Jesus is Lord over our lives, Lord over America, Lord over our churches, Lord over our finances, and Lord over our bodies.
We're so grateful, Father, for the anointing of the Holy Ghost that dwells in us.
We receive it in the name of Jesus and we plead the blood over us.
I'm so glad you're here tonight. Father, we just dedicate this time to you.
If you want to show me anything, Lord, we know it's all you anyway; and if not, it's okay.
We're not here to perform; we're here just to yield. Father, I thank you.
As the watchman, I sit on the wall that you have provided for me, and I see that which is to come. We're so grateful.
Thank you for the pastors that are getting these warnings and being so loud about it right now.
Lord, I thank you that people are joining what we've seen as watchmen on the wall, that they're yelling loud now and saying, 'This is what's coming.
You all need to get ready.'Father, we pass it on by the spirit, and now God, we're so grateful for every single one of these people whose voices will be amplified.
Like you said, I saw amplification on voices of ministers like Paul Begley and others, that their voices will be amplified in the days ahead to warn of great deception that would try to come upon the world.
Help them, Father. Anoint them in a greater capacity to say the things that are hard and not shy away from it.
Father, I thank you that their voice becomes louder and louder, and it will be magnified by three times, four times, five times, ten times, so that people will hear that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is sooner than later, and they'll preach the gospel with conviction.
For we are looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
It's rising up over Africa: a great revival, a great impartation of the glory of the Lord, and great grace.
I see these different flags. It looks red with a face in it, with black, green, and white.
There's a red face in the flag. It's not a real face like a human face; it looks almost like a tribal tiki torch.
You see the eyes and the nose. It's not a real face, but it looks like a nose and two eyes.
That's what I'm seeing in the spirit. That's what the Lord is talking about.
Many will come to me. The dead you will raise. Multiple people.
The Lord says these African-American, their skin is so black, but when they're dead it looks ashy and gray.
When they're dead on the ground, I see something about to happen.
I see a Holy Ghost glow on the skin. There's a glow of the Holy Ghost within.
You're about to see levels of glory coming out from within that we've never seen before in Africa from shore to shore.
Greater works you will do and manifestations, as the persecution is the refining for the greater glory.
You're going to see in the places that have been persecuted the most, hit the hardest, a cultivation for acceleration.
For I will pour out my spirit even stronger and the greater works will be seen and heard.
Many will come to me. I see witch doctors; they have shrunken heads.
They'll give up their spells and their stuff. I see them making little notches on their skin.
They have little dots. Why are they doing that? It's by the bloodshed.
And they'll give their hearts to me. I see it. Even they morph and shapeshift. I see them drinking the blood.
And the Lord said, 'These people are going to lay all this down because of the greater glory.
They're looking for a power that is witchcraft, and the greater glory is going to deliver them.'They'll be loud because they have great influence.
Some of these witch doctors have great influence, and I'm going to turn the demonic into a glory cloud by delivering them and visiting them, and their influence and their voices will be used for my glory.
Watch what I do. There's no darkness too dark for me to save. He said, 'Watch what I do, for they have great influence.'Now, I don't know about African cultures, so I'm hearing this and I see these people have great influence.
The Lord said, 'I will use the influence they have in these tribes and these places for my glory.'And they'll bring many sons and daughters to me as they get delivered.
The Holy Spirit is going to transfer and clean them up. You're going to see the dead raised. Holy Ghost and fire.
God's raising up new missionaries to go to Africa—new missionaries in your own home country that will work with angels.
I see angel aid and assistance. I see angels with massive swords walking around with you.
You have a flame of fire in front, back, and on both sides. These are young kids, probably 18 or 19 years old.
Those angels are really cool-looking. For the rooster is crowing.
I hear the rooster. It's in Africa. The sun is coming. The rooster is crowing; he's crowing.
You hear me? I hear it. And there is a loud voice. And the Lord said, 'The sun is coming.'"The Son is coming."You hear me?
The Son is coming. That is not the sun, but the Son, Jesus. And I see guerilla warfare, laying down AK-47s.
These are—the Lord said these are Muslim men. I see Kumo. They're laying down their weapons.
The Lord said there will be a disarmament coming for people that will follow Me.
For I will deal with them like He did Saul. Paul, when he turned—he's talking about his eyes.
Glory to God. There's a persecution and the Lord's about to deal with this.
And He's going to—there will be a disarmament by holy angels, the angels of the Lord.
There will be scales, and you'll have to set them free. There will be scales as a sign and a wonder.
Scales on their eyes. You'll lay hands on them and they'll be free.
I see a scale coming on their eyes with a glory burn. It's like a glory scale.
And He said, "I did it once and I'll do it again, for you persecuted Me.
You persecuted My church."And I see a Holy Ghost fire protection.
It will be on the front of you and it will be in back of you, on both sides of you as you walk into these places. Angels of the Lord are coming with you.
It almost looks like cataracts hit their eyes, but when they lay hands on them, they get them free and they'll be feeling around because they'll be blinded by a Holy Ghost light. And I see them with their little things on their heads.
These are African-American men and they're feeling around and they drop their guns and they're not able to do what they were going to do because of the glory of the Lord, like it was with Lot.
"Give us your daughters."The angels of the Lord, the same angels—why? Because they know how to do it.
Do you remember when Billy Burke said, "Send the same angel that helped Peter and them get out of prison"?
Remember when Billy Burke said that and he's talking about that?
He says, "Send the same."Well, why do you send the same one? Because he knew how to do it.
"Send the same angels that protected Lot. Send the same angels, Lord, that protected Lot and his kids.
Send the same angels."Do you see what I'm saying? Because that's what I see.
Why? Because they know how to do it. They got the job done. Was it not Peter?
No, not Peter—Paul and Silas. Yeah, I said Peter. Oh, I thought you said Paul, right?
Paul and Silas. That's right. They were in the prison. And that's what I'm saying.
He says, "Send the same angels."And then whenever he's talking about it and he says, "Send the same angels, Paul and Silas."Not Peter.
I thought you said Paul. Call for the same angels. Call for the same angels.
There will be angels in front of them and back of them and both sides, calling for the angels.
We don't utilize this enough. He told Lot—there you go, Braden. Let's read it right out of the Word.
"And it came to pass as we went to pray, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us."Is that not the one?
No, no, no. I'm trying to find... "And when her masters saw..."Paul and Silas...
and drew them into the marketplace and the rulers. So it was Paul and Silas.
Go up a little bit. There it was. And then suddenly, it's verse 26. No, that was the earthquake.
"And the keeper of the prison, awaking out of his sleep and seeing the prison doors open, drew out his sword and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had fled."But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, "Do not harm yourself."Silas was singing praise unto God.
Where was the angel at? That was probably another story. Keep going.
No, there's another one. It had to have been Peter then. Peter got out of prison. So Peter, the angel came and got Peter out.
But the point of what I'm saying is, when Billy Burke said that and he talked about the same angel that got him out, he said, "Get him out."I'm seeing these angels protecting this young man—and he's African-American—and the Lord said, "Send the same angels that got Lot out.
He protected his family."Believe bigger. There was an angel that freed the apostles from prison in the book of Acts.
And then there is one with Peter. The angel of the Lord came. It's Acts 12:7. Yeah, the same angel that helped Peter.
That's when Peter was in prison under Herod, and the angel led him out past the guards.
Yeah, so I was right the first time. Peter got out by the angel helping him out. So send the same angel. But when Lot and his kids...
and they were wanting to do stuff with their daughters and those men, the angels did stuff.
Send the same one. You'll have the protection. Ask for those same angels. They are experienced at it.
I see an angel on the front of them, the side of them—on the sides of them walking—and they look like they're just walking through like bodyguards.
But as this happened, I saw scales on these men's eyes and they were feeling around because the glory blinded them.
The glory blinded them. Praise the Lord. Those angels actually with Lot actually smote the men with blindness.
Yes, the ones that were outside Lot's house. Smote them with blindness.
But you'll lay hands on them and they'll be recovered. So send the same ones that helped Lot out in this place.
Send the same angels, Lord, as a sign and a wonder in these last days.
That, Father, if You did it back then in the Old Covenant, how much more can You do it now? And it'll be a sign and a wonder.
If He protected Lot for Abraham in intercession—Abraham interceded for Lot and his family—think about it.
How much more will He protect you? And if you're a missionary in Africa, I call the same angels that would protect Lot to protect you.
Why not? They might need a job. You go out there and say, "Listen, I call the same angels that brought and helped to protect Abraham's family."Why not?
They made them all blind. They tried to touch them and say, "Hey, listen, we want to do things bad."No, you're not.
And then you go up there and you know, "I need to pray for you."And they get saved. I saw the dead being raised. I saw the blinded eyes open.
Father, I thank You that You say, "Send the same angels."Wouldn't that be the coolest thing ever, to think about that?
If He did it once, He can do it again. Hallelujah. Thank You, Jesus. Thank You, Lord, for stirring in them tonight.
Thank You, Lord, that they have great boldness, but Father, that they will walk with the angels.
Oh, Father, I thank You that they walk with the angels. Father, it's time for the church to be that pillar of fire, to be that fire in these last days.
And that people see the glory on our faces, that they'll drive down the road and see the buildings on fire again—and they aren't on fire, it's the glory of the Lord on them.
And they're going to go, "What is going on with that building?"Well, it's the glory.
It happened in Azusa Street. Everybody thought it was on fire. If He did it once, He'll do it again. God is a God of signs.
And I'm telling you, He's about to show up and show off in your life with signs.
Signs will follow them that believe. That's what the Word says.
And I'm a believing believer who is looking for the Lord to show up in our lives with signs and wonders.
I thank You, God. You're the God of the signs and the wonders.
Lord, I thank You that if You did it once, You'll do it again. Send the same angels to help Lot.
Send them in Africa. I see the persecution. There's so much persecution.
And He says, "Send them."Thank You, Lord. We call protection over the believing believers.
And I call the same ones, Father, in North Korea, South Korea, that they'll not touch them.
That the believers get a backbone like a crowbar in these last days, and they fear not, for you are with us.
We fear not, for you are with us, Lord, in these last days. And the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done. And we thank you for President Trump tonight.
We lift him up before you. We lift him up before you in the name of Jesus.
And we cover him in the blood—him and his wife and his children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Ivanka, Barron, Tiffany, Eric, and Don Jr. Father, we cover them all in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for the supernatural protection around and about them, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
I thank you, Lord, for the lady who had her baby today. She had her baby, I believe, on the first, but Karoline Leavitt—that the baby was healthy.
She had it on the first, but she showed pictures of it today. Father, I thank you, Lord, the baby was healthy with all ten fingers and all ten toes, that the baby was healthy, and that she's blessed.
She looks happy. Bless her. Father, thank you, Lord, that that baby's healthy, whole, and well in Jesus'name.
What an exciting time. Isn't that wonderful? Exciting times.
Brand new baby. Bless the baby. Thank you to everyone who reached out during my pregnancy.
You're so welcome. Bless our Lord. Thank you, Lord, that the baby's healthy. The Apgar score—we pray for no autism, no nothing.
We call for complete wholeness and that the baby would be raised blessed in every area of life—in the mind and everything—and that she'll know you at a young age.
We thank you, Lord, that she will know you at a young age, Holy Ghost filled, powerful in the name of Jesus.
And Father, just like it was with Paul Revere saying, 'The British are coming,'we'll say it again and again—I mean, it's not 'Jesus is coming,'it's 'The British are coming.'We'll say it again in these last days that Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming. And you'll use this child for it. Bless it, Father, in Jesus'name.
It's because she's in politics; that's why I said that, because Paul Revere said, running in and saying, 'The British are coming!
The British are coming!'She'll say, 'Jesus is coming! Jesus is coming!'because she is in Washington.
Thank you, Lord. I'm getting sleepy, love, but I wanted to pray with them and I wanted to push.
So we prayed for the people. We pray for President Trump. We pray for every single one of them.
And we thank you, Lord, that we cover our sleep. We cover these people, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that they took the time to pray with us and that they heard the word.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for the nations. We cover our time in the mighty name of Jesus.
Every single nation that is represented here—we cover Australia.
We thank you, Lord, for Australia. We pray for revival over Australia.
We thank you, Lord, that the Senate does not pass the C-7 act or whatever it's called in Canada.
We call, Father, in the name of Jesus—what? C-9, C-9, C-9 in Canada.
They will not persecute the people with their freedom of speech.
We call that to fall in the name of Jesus. And Father, I thank you, Lord, over South Korea and over Taiwan.
We pray for protection over and around and about the Taiwanese people.
Father, the blessing of the Lord is on them in the name of Jesus. We cover their houses. We cover their finances.
We thank you, Lord, that you rebuke the devourer for their sake.
Father, we call the people of Taiwan protected in the name of Jesus.
China, no, in Jesus'name, you will not take Taiwan; they will remain free in Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that South Korea rises up. And Father, they'll be more of a light in these last days.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you use that supernatural highway to take our brothers and sisters over there to witness to the people of North Korea.
And a great revival will come—a great revival will come over them in the name of Jesus.
And a supernatural infilling of the Holy Ghost is coming, Father, in a way that we've never seen before. And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
And we thank you, Lord, that there will be a major breakthrough this week in the Clarity Act and the wealth transfer begins. We call it done in Jesus'name.
And we call the pink currency to go up and a major wealth transfer to stir, for Father, we'll have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world, and then the end will come.
We believe, Father, that this is the time like we've never seen before.
Do you believe that? And Father, we call it all done. We call, we say in the name of Jesus, the blessing of the Lord is on them.
And we call Cuba liberated. We speak to Cuba liberated in Jesus'name. Cuba, you're free.
We thank you, Lord, that they'll not be underneath that communism anymore, that they'll have great revival come on their shore.
And a major harvest of souls beyond anybody's comprehension is about to happen.
We call that virus to die. And on that boat, we say in the name of Jesus, it's not time.
We call you to die; virus, go away. We call for rain over our area today.
We call rain from the north, the south, the east, the west. We call for our crops: rain, rain, rain in Jesus'name.
We call in five inches. We call it in over their areas that there's no drought.
We take authority over drought. We call the low-pressure systems to come in in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the drought to go, and we call for Holy Ghost flow in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that we're in the right place at the right time, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Well, if you prayed with us for even that little bit of time tonight, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
It's been a good week. You know, we pushed. We got 46 people born again today, and we're so grateful for that, and it's been wonderful.
We push and we push and we push. My flesh is tired; sleeping now. So, God bless you all.
I'm going to go rest a little bit here, and we'll pray more and we'll just keep on keeping on.
That's what we do. We don't give up. We're excited and we're anticipating what God is going to do in the days ahead. So, keep your head up. Look to—keep your eyes to the skies.
We know that Jesus Christ is coming sooner than later, and we're looking for him, and our redemption is drawing nigh, folks.
It's time to get excited about what God is doing in your life and what he's doing in our life.
And we know the end is coming sooner than we think. God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you, and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.